[DOC-2499] & related - CI build infrastructure refresh + more Hosted content (#898)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/which-build-infrastructure-is-right-for-me.md

You can run builds on Harness-hosted machines or your own infrastructure.

## Harness Cloud

> With Harness Cloud your builds run in isolation on Harness-hosted machines. You can run builds at scale on Linux, Windows, and macOS machines that are preinstalled with software commonly used in CI pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Harness Cloud, your builds run in isolation on Harness-hosted machines. You can run builds at scale on Linux, Windows, and macOS machines that are preinstalled with software commonly used in CI pipelines.
```

:::

Executing builds in a Kubernetes cluster is useful when you want to run ephemeral builds-at-scale in your own infrastructure.

When running builds in a Kubernetes cluster, each CI stage executes in a pod, and the stage's steps share the pod's resources.

To learn more about using a Kubernetes cluster as build infrastructure, go to [Set up a Kubernetes cluster build infrastructure](./set-up-a-kubernetes-cluster-build-infrastructure.md).

> ```mdx-code-block

Author: Added a tab for self-hosted Paas VMs.

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="vms" label="Virtual machines">
```

:::info

This option is available only with paid CI plans.

:::

> Your build infrastructure can use VMs from a PaaS provider, including AWS, Microsoft Azure, GCP, and Anka (for macOS build farms).

Author: TECH REVIEW: Is this wording accurate? "VMs from a PaaS provider, including AWS..."

Reviewer 2: Keep it generic: `Cloud provider`

> The following table shows which operating systems and architectures that each build infrastructure option supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the supported operating systems and architectures for each build infrastructure option.
```

| Operating system | Architecture | Harness Cloud | Self-hosted local runner | Self-hosted Kubernetes cluster | Self-hosted PaaS VMs |
| -  | - | - | - | - | - |
| Linux | amd64 | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported |
| Linux | arm64 | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported |
| macOS | arm64 (M1) | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ❌ Not supported | ✅ Supported |
| Windows | amd64 | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported |
| Windows | arm64 | ❌ Not supported | ❌ Not supported | ❌ Not supported | ❌ Not supported |

> ## Feature compatibility matrix

Author: TECH REVIEW: This is the feature compatibility matrix from confluence: https://harness.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PD/pages/21238584366/Harness+CI+Feature+Compatibility+Matrix+WIP

I left off the last four rows because three of them were incomplete and the last one did not seem as important as the other items.

What is meant by "GitHub App support"? 

In the self-hosted local runner column, the **Custom Secret Manager** and **GitHub App support** cells are empty, as they are on confluence. 

I added a row for Harness Secret Manager as a supplement to the Custom Secret Manager row.

Author: @hemanthmantri In the feature matrix, what does "GitHub App support" mean?

Some Harness CI features are not compatible with all build infrastructures or platforms. New features are rolled out for Harness Cloud first before being enabled for other build infrastructures.

| Feature | Harness Cloud | Self-hosted local runner | Self-hosted Kubernetes cluster | Self-hosted PaaS VMs |
| - | - | - | - | - |
| Test Intelligence | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported |
| Test Parallelism | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported |
| Cache Intelligence | ✅ Supported | ❌ Not supported | ❌ Not supported | ❌ Not supported |
| Remote Caching in **Build and Push** steps | ❌ Not supported | ❌ Not supported | ✅ Supported | ❌ Not supported |
| Harness Secret Manager | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported |
| Custom Secret Manager | ❌ Not supported | <!-- unknown --> | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported |

> | Github App support | ❌ Not supported | <!-- unknown --> | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported |

Author: ```suggestion
| GitHub App support | ❌ Not supported | <!-- unknown --> | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported |
```
